## Ashoka - Nat

### Female Forest Gnome Monk

### Background story
*A flickering vision, at times adark foreboding landscape with darkened sky others a bright sunny landscape of white fluffy clouds. You see a forest with a dark visage overhead, long snaking lines move towards the forest. You are propelled forward, closer to the forest, the lines become more distinct, they are lines of people, all shuffling towards the forest. You are moved closer and closer until you can make out more features. To your horror the people are all chained... slaves. A flash they are not slaves but happy Gnomes dancing round a fire in some celebration. Flash again I move closer still until you are right next to one, you look up at his face, its the 1st mate of the pirate ship that had captured you. Shocked you don’t react as the line continues to move forwards until finally one arrives that you don’t have to look up to see its face. In fact its the same height as you.. slowly recognition dawns. Its <insert name> your surviving friend from the village. Flash, this time friend is embracing his parents to which they have returned to after so long. Flash, they are all in chains. You try to reach for them but you are pulled away by some unknown force. Flash I see my parents outside their home watching my siblings play. I smile I see my parents begin to remember there names. Flash the house is a burnt down reck and the ball that my siblings were playing with is now a smouldering mass. Flash the village looks alive with bustle of gnomes and animals. I lean in to here the name. I am pulled back again. I scream in frustration to then scream as Flash I see the village sign burnt. I scream in rage as I see the bodies of my village but that is quickly drown out by the maniacal laughter coming from the visage over the forest. Flash green Forest Flash dark visage, faster and faster till I wake. I know now the kingdom where my village was but I still do not know where or what my village is called. I am sweating and troubled. My master listens and tells me that I will not be calm till I follow my path.*

*One vision but intersecting between a happy and dark, helps to intesify the dark in my opinion. Is one a historical memory, is it whats to come, can I prevent it?*

#### Initial setup 

*In Highcastle there is worried talk about raids to the east, about villages being taken as slaves or worse…. is this connected to you visions? You decide to get more information… Asking around there are rumours of an attack on Hillard Fort and the fact that a large number of guards have just returned from that area. After a while you manage to catch up with some of those guards and after gaining their confidence by plying them with a few drinks, they talk about finding Hillard taken by a cult who were buying prisoners captured by the Eastern Tribesman.  You try to press them for more information but they realise a bit too late that they might have given more away than they should have.*

*As you watch them leave a barmaid come up to you. “So you’re looking for information are you? While I don’t know anything directly about the raids I do know someone who might…. and even if she doesn’t know anything now she can find out… she’s the best information broker in town… now what’s that worth to you….”*

*Initially she wants payment for this information, however that goes against your monk sensibilities and you ask if there would be some service you could provide that would be worth the information. She looks crestfallen and she soon explains that she needs the money for some medicine for her sick son. Supplies of the medicine is low due to the raiding and she has only found one place to get it, a dealer by the name Lugdo who has seemingly managed to get his hands on some and has raised the price from what used to be 10 silvers to 10 gold. You offer to approach this Lugdo and get the medicine for her* 

*The next day you head towards this information broker’s place of work, a bookstore in a more affluent part of town.  As you approach the store front you see a Tiefling also heading towards the building when you hear scream of anger and then pain from inside the building. As both you and the Tiefling rush forward, you further further behind, you notice that the Tiefling is being followed by a Human and a Dwarf who also head towards the bookstore.*
