## Branton Batovian - Ash

### Male Human Paladin

### Background

#### House Batovian
* Sigil: Gauntleted fist clutching a rose.
* Holdings: (Something in Adrana, larger estate outside the city proper, series of smaller properties acquired through the demise of others)
* Background: The Batovians are social climbers, and in recent decades have risen from a relatively minor house to a position of ever-increasing prominence and influence in the court of Adrana, in large part through the political machinations of Countess Lucratsa and Count Derrin, the current heads of the house. As the social standing of the Batovians has grown, the more astute at court have noted important members of peripheral families continue to meet untimely ends as the result of unlikely accidents, or sudden illness. In the wake of each such incident, the Count and Countess Batovian have increased their holdings, through purchase, inheritance, or even gift. Count Derrin has always had a reputation for the ruthless pursuit of his ambitions, and rumours have begun to spread in the softest of whispers that his wife has brokered deals with darker powers to guarantee their shared plans bear fruit.
* Parents: Count Derrin & Countess Lucratsa Batovian.
* Siblings: Jaldan (elder brother by 3 years), Malika (Younger by 10 years). Numerous cousins, uncles, aunts, etc.
 
#### Branton Batovian 
Second son to the Count and Countess, Branton Batovian was raised in luxury, and when it became clear during the early years of his schooling that he lacked the intellect to further the family's ambitions and intrigues, was sheltered from them entirely. Tall for the family, and good-looking, Branton was trained in martial weapons and courtly etiquette alongside his elder brother Jaldan, but educated separately in almost all other pursuits, with very different content and expectations. While Jaldan was groomed to aid in the running of the family and its underhanded schemes for political grandeur, Branton was intended to present a more amicable, charming side to the Batovian name. Jaldan has always looked down on his idiot brother, and each attempt by Branton to form a closer relationship or join in with brotherly activities has been met with predictably dismissive spite; a pattern that has continued into their rare interactions as adults.
 
Brought up almost exclusively by household staff, as a child Branton was read children's stories featuring "The Right Knights of Good" - a fictional order of paladins with a towering base of operations known as High Castle, and roamed the countryside doing good deeds in the name of Torm. Branton has been deeply affected by these stories, and has memorised them all as if they were themselves notable historical texts...which to this day, he believes they are.
As he passed into adolescence, his family's distant and dismissive attitude left its mark on the simple, kind-hearted Branton, who began to turn to drink for solace, and..."women of negotiable virtue" for companionship. As the years and Branton's downward spiral continued, his fondness for alcohol and whoring ate away at his intended utility for the Batovian family; Branton would show up inebriated for sword and javelin practice, and attend courtly events disheveled and unsteady on his feet, often in the company of known prostitutes. After embarrassing his father in front of the royal family by vomiting on his shoes, Derrin and Lucratsa deemed their son "unsalvageable", and agreed that he had to be dealt with.
 
Knowing all-too-well of their son's flaws and intellectual challenges, the Count and Countess were confident that, once cut-off from the insulated environment of his family's estates, The Branton Problem would "take care of itself". The Batovian patriarch met with his son and spent an exhaustively long time persuading the idiot child that his future, nay his very destiny, was to embark on a holy quest to bring low evildoers in remote regions of the kingdom of Hestal. After lengthy questioning by his son about the details of this quest and what exactly it is he should try to achieve while on the righteous path, Derrin finally lost patience, responding in a guttural snarl. "I don't know rescue an innkeeper's daughter, save a cat from a tree, put your sword through some evil-doers, destroy a cult whatever it is a good man should do hell - go slay a dragon or something! Just stop your bloody drinking and your bloody whoring!." Taking his father's words entirely at face value, they have stuck with Branton as a mental To Do list...and so he set out for Highcastle, to join the holy order or the Right Knights of Good.

#### Initial Setup

*After a few days in Highcastle looking for the Right Knights of Good you receive an invitation to a feast from the High Marshal Weylynn. Believing that he would have information about the order you readily accept. On the night however and much to your disappointment, it finally becomes clear that he was actually only interested in your family name and how to get into its good graces. Despite your lack of intellect you become aware of his true nature due to his lack of sophistication in the game in comparison to those at the capital.*

*As the evening continued you turned to drink to hide your disappointment. On drink led to another and another until you finally wake up the next morning back at your inn. You awaken to a loud knocking on your door and when you open it you are faced with a messenger who hands you a note as well as a Letter of Marque (or the land based equivalent), enabling you to investigate the raids on behalf of the guard. You dimly remember upon hearing of the raids the evening before, of boosting infront of the guard captain of how you could solve the issue easily.*  

*The note gives you information of a survivor of the last party sent to investigate, a Tiefling named Kairon.*

*You approached the Inn that Kairon is staying at and ask the innkeeper to point him out to you just as he is leaving. You decide to follow him rather than approach him directly as you wanted to get a sense of who he is as you don't necessarily trust him due to his devilish heritage…* 

*He moves towards a more affluent part of town when you hear scream of anger and then pain from an alleyway next to the building that Kairon appears to be heading towards. You notice that he rushes towards the alleyway and you follow behind…*
