## Yojimbo - Woz

### Male Bronze Dragonborn Sorcerer

### Background story

*I was part of the thieves guild from my teen years, ever since I got a thrill for stealing from the wealthy and giving it to the other dragon borns who had nothing. I quickly rose from petty theft to more lucartive jobs thanks in part to my sorcerous abilities. Soon I became part of a 3 person cell taking on harder but more fulling jobs. As these jobs took on the rich and powerful I soon learnt to meet out my own form of justice to those who expoilt the poor. This sometime lead to conflict with the guild as it interfered with guild business when dead bodies start appearing* 

*One night we were tasked to retrieve plans that a baron near Highcastle had for the expansion of his estate (which were rumoured to involve the destruction of villages without any compensation). There were three of us who went to the baron’s keep: a burglar (Seymour), a logistics woman (Shiva), and myself. When we got to the keep, our intel enabled us to plan a route where we would effectively go in and out unseen/without drawing attention to ourselves. As we snuck towards the baron’s chambers, the Seymour started entering rooms that we hadn’t detailed - it seems he gambled a lot of his wealth away and owed some bad folk within the guild. As he went in and out of the rooms, he increased the chance of us getting caught. We kept telling him to come back onto the right path, but then Shiva also joined him in looting for no other reason than greed. We hit one room and there was an occupant - it was just a chambermaid. The chambermaid started to shriek, so Shiva grabbed her and with one hand over her mouth, drew her bespoke dagger to stab her. I stop Shiva’s arm mid thrust and grab hold of the dagger. We both struggled with the dagger for a short period of time, but she managed to force the dagger into the maid, with my hand on the blade as well.*

*Horrified, I knocked Shiva out with the base of my dagger and left her on the floor and fled. Seymour registered Shiva being knocked unconscious as I ran out of the door quickly followed, but in our haste we were spotted and the alarm raised. We split up and laid low. By the time I arrived back at the guild, it was in uproar. Apparently the chambermaid had been the guild's inside woman and the leadership did not take kindly to her death. Shiva was quickly silenced by the guild but not before "confessing" that it was me that had bungled the job. Seymour had yet to return.*

*As it was just my word against Shiva's my fate in the guild and my life, hung in the balance as the leadership discussed what to do with me. Finally word came back, I was to hunt down Seymour and bring him back for questioning. I would recieve no "offical" help from the guild and until such time I returned with him I would no longer be considered a member*  

#### Initial Setup

Once you clear the thieves highway and way from any prying eyes you take out the note which reads “Talk to Talissa, she owes me a favour and she might be able to get information Seymour for you. Just mention my name” in Thieves Cant. There are also directions to this Talissa.

After casing out the property you enter the bookshop the directions sent you too.  Inside you see rows of bookcases filled to the brim of books. Scanning though a few you see that they are of middling value, nothing worth taking an active look at. As you wonder deeper you come across the sales counter where a female half elf stands. She gives you a look over as you approach as seems to have decided you are not a suitable customer, possibly based off the standard of your clothing. Once you reach her you mention the name Talissa. At once her demeanour changes to a more professional manner and she questions you on you intentions. From the questions asked its clear that she is not Talissa, however after dropping the name of your friend you seem to convince her of your need and you are directed to a side room and told to wait. A few minutes later a dwarf enters before a beautiful female elf also enters. She introduces herself as Talissa and her associate Grondel (the dwarf).

You explain that you need to find Seymour and the reasons why. After a bit of thought she says that she could find out more information but it would be costly, after all dropping <your friend’s name> name only got you this meeting and not her services.

You realise you probably don’t have the coin with which to pay her so you instead offer your skills. She spends a few minutes contemplating your off and at the same time Grondel whispers in her eye while keeping an eye on you. She agrees to set her network on locating Seymour for an unspecified number of jobs from you for which you are initially paired with Grondel.

The next day you start on the 1st job which appears to be picking up messages from Talissa’s various informants. You are to follow Grondel, at a distance, through the marketplace and pick up several parcels. As a member of the Shadow League its soon clear that Grondel’s movement and actions are being followed and watched, and while these watchers are intent on him, you are being ignored.

After a few more of such missions you are trusted enough to be invited up to Talissa’s office above the bookstore, accessible via a hidden staircase (behind on of the bookcases in the storage room). You continue to work for her for a couple of weeks when she invites you to meet with her and she tells you of the progress she is making in locating Seymour.  She believes she has found where he is heading but is waiting for confirmation. As she finishes talking about this the entrance to her office suddenly slams open and 3 men attempt to rush in. In the blink of an eye the 1st is dead on the entrance threshold curtesy of a throw dagger to the throat by Talissa, the 2nd dies a few steps in with a axe to the chest and the final one makes it to the desk before Talissa has a knife plunging into his eye 

You have never seen such a reaction speed and are still frozen to you seat when Grondel says that he’ll check the back entrance. He moves to the side bookcase which to your surprise opens up to another hidden stairway. You are about to speak while Talissa is removing the dagger when…
